feat(rn): Add Expo Router auto instrumentation guide (#9501)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/expo-router.mdx

const routingInstrumentation = new Sentry.ReactNavigationInstrumentation({
  enableTimeToInitialDisplay: Constants.appOwnership !== 'expo', // Only in native builds, not in Expo Go.
});

Sentry.init({
  dsn: '___PUBLIC_DSN___',
  integrations: [
    new Sentry.ReactNativeTracing({
      routingInstrumentation,
      enableNativeFramesTracking: Constants.appOwnership !== 'expo', // Only in native builds, not in Expo Go.
    }),
  ],
});

function RootLayout() {
  const ref = useNavigationContainerRef();

  React.useEffect(() => {
    if (ref) {
      routingInstrumentation.registerNavigationContainer(ref);
    }
  }, [ref]);

  return <Slot />;
}

export default Sentry.wrap(RootLayout);
```

## Options

You can configure the instrumentation by passing an options object to the constructor:

```javascript
new Sentry.ReactNavigationInstrumentation({
  enableTimeToInitialDisplay: true, // default: false
  routeChangeTimeoutMs: 1000, // default: 1000
});
```

### routeChangeTimeoutMs

How long the instrumentation will wait for the route to mount after a change has been initiated before the transaction is discarded. Default: 1000ms

### enableTimeToInitialDisplay

> This option will enabled automatic measuring og the time to initial display for each route. To learn more see [Time to Initial Display](/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/time-to-display).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option will enable automatic measuring of the time to initial display for each route. To learn more see [Time to Initial Display](/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/time-to-display).
```
